[Music]
If it's daytime, won't you finish the rest? The whole buffet has been erased,
every single thing in the house, and I'm
going to go to the room. In the name of God, oh Lord, oh Lord, in the name of
God, oh Lord, oh Lord, oh God. Praise be to God. I put on the same
jacket and grabbed the bandage and the lace, oh oh and the
lace, yes, oh oh God.  And I came out and they were
walking today. If I pointed to them, we are on the
main road. Oh, on the main road. I mean, it's all in between.
Oh, on the main street. I pointed to them like this and said to
them, "I am Amal Abu Hashish. We are God's house.
I have a
prosthetic limb. May God be pleased with you. If the house was bombed
half an hour ago, go out, go out."  They showed me that there was no room, I
mean, there was no room, I mean,
they showed me the door of the stairs, all of them closed, and the stones
in place of the pajamas, oh, the door, where should I go? There was no
room to move, and all the windows were all on the
public road, exposed,
oh, they came out, and an American said to me, “Go, go, go,” the
Prophet’s prayer came out.  God willing, Joe Joe, I said to him, “
In the name of God, the licks, the licks, oh the licks.” He said to me, he brought it down for them from the
window. He said to me, “Let’s go out. Let’s go. Let me go.”
On my back, an intoxicating bed alarm came down. The stones of
the stairs from the door of Al-A’a
took two cars long, and they stopped. They put me in the
car, and a thousand
and one.